Running was invented by Sir Thomas Running in 1756 when he tried to walk twice at the same time.
Don't Panic.
Never pick up gifts planted by ventriloquist dummies in your local sewer system.
Remember: Over 90% of teenage pregnancies occur while teenage.
It is no longer legal. Whatever you do, don't.
Studies show that 100% of criminals were once children.
Not all hypnotising arachnoid demons are friendly.
Studies show that 1 in 4 people make up nearly a third of the population.
The metal part of a seatbelt can be used to open beer bottles while driving.
Add toothpaste to your food to save time brushing your teeth later.
Have the flu? Drink hand sanitiser to kill 99.9% of germs.
Always take random drugs you find lying around. Drugs are expensive so you can't afford not to.
Pour river water in your socks - It's quick, it's easy and it's free.
According to Japanese legend, if you cannot sleep it is because you are awake.
Many mushrooms exist such that they can feed a person for the rest of their life.
Swimming in lava is a once in a lifetime experience.
Flamingoes only stand on one leg because if they stood on no legs they'd fall over.
A gazelle can jump higher than the average house, mainly because the average house cannot jump.
If you commit murder, the government will give you free food and accommodation.
You don't need a parachute to go skydiving - you only need a parachute to go skydiving twice.
Money can be exchanged for goods and services.
Remember: Licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
Friendly fire is enabled for this game.
Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
Don't waste your time reading the tips.
Homeless? Why not buy a house.
Help I'm stuck in a computer game start-up.
People die if they are killed.
Warning: Possible Jeff Goldblum sightings in the area. Stay vigilant.
Your pinkie toe may seem pointless, but it's actually really good for finding things in the dark.
Use hand sanitiser twice to kill 198% of germs.
Rubbing alcohol fixes outside boo boo. Drinking alcohol fixes inside boo boo.
Vaccines cause adults.
Prevent your bread always falling buttered side down by only buttering it after you've dropped it.
Write your enemy's name on your body, so no matter how you die they'll be a suspect.
If the game takes longer than 15 minutes to load, you're legally allowed to leave.
Taking the vegetables off your double bacon cheeseburger reduces the calories consumed.
If you can't make Monopoly at home, store-bought is fine.